                                       SS Library
                                      Release 2.0
                                     (Standard 2x)

(C) 2014, 2017, 2019, 2024
All Rights Reserved

Good Neighbors LLC
5402 E. Grandview Rd.
Scottsdale, AZ 85254

                             Developed by: Stephen Sviatko
                                  ssviatko@gmail.com

INTRODUCTION

The SS Library is a library of convenience classes for C++ that was begin in the late
2000's in order to facilitate C++ development. It addresses the common needs of clients
in the business world by automating commonly used program features, like logging, reading
configuration files, simple event handling, timing, etc.

As C++ itself developed and we got the more advanced features of C++11, 14, etc. some of
the classes in the SS library became obsolete. Notable among these was the Concurrency
Class Library, or CCL. The functionality of this libary has been entirely superceded by
std::thread and friends.

Even though C+= developed and got new features, some things have been continually broken
over the years, and one of these things is time handling. Modern C++ has std::chrono and
all it's related classes and support functions, but there is still a lot lacking that is
handled by the SS "doubletime" class, which compresses a time point down to an IEEE
double with the UNIX epoch seconds in the integral portion and microseconds in the
fractional portion. I have found over many years of working that this is the most
convenient way to represent a time point and arithmetic/comparisons are as easy as
using floating point numbers.

LICENSE

This software is copyright 2014, 2017, 2019, 2024 by Good Neighbors LLC (contact
information shown above). Permission is granted to use this software for non-commercial
purposes. Any commercial usage of this software must be negotiated beforehand and
must include my consulting services as part of the deployment strategy.

This software is being made public primarily to show off my coding style and
proficiency with modern C++. It appears on my Github page which can be thought of
as an extension of my resume itself.

LIBRARY FEATURES

1. Logger

2. Initialization/Configuration Registry

3. Data class (encapsulates a C char* array)

4. Doubletime

5. Note Dispatcher (Heavyweight multithreaded notification dispatch system)

6. Failure Services (Traps signals and issues callbacks, handles stack traces)

(this file is a work in progress)

